README.md, before:

# Testing a Domain Specific Language for IoT Devices
This repository contains a QuickCheck framework written in OCaml for testing a domain specific language (DSL).

## Dependencies
Running this repository requires an installation of OCaml, Java, and Groovy.

## Statistics
Statistics on the code generators can be executed with:

```
make stat
```

## Running the test
The repository contains three tests. The first test verifies that the code generated by the framework is syntactically correct and type correct. It can be run with:

```
make expressionTests
```

The second test verifies that the DSL accepts a vast range of randomly generated, yet legal inputs. It can be run with:

```
make dslTests
```

The third test verifies that the output of the DSL code generator works as expected. Thus, it mus be both syntactically correct and semantically correct. It can be run with:

```
make executionTests
```

## System under test
Two versions of the system under test can be found in this repository. The file `test/iot-compiler.jar` is a mostly bug-free version of the DSL. The file `test/iot-compiler-bugs.jar` is the original version of the DSL with all the bugs described in the accompanying project report.

All test will, by default, use the file `test/iot-compiler.jar`.

Commit message:

Added contributor section to README

README.md, after:

# Testing a Domain Specific Language for IoT Devices
This repository contains a QuickCheck framework written in OCaml for testing a domain specific language (DSL).

## Contributors
Unfortunately, the contributor section does not truly reflect who has worked on this project. This is because most of the development was done over Visual Studio Live Share. Thus, the host becomes the primary contributor.

## Dependencies
Running this repository requires an installation of OCaml, Java, and Groovy.

## Statistics
Statistics on the code generators can be executed with:

```
make stat
```

## Running the test
The repository contains three tests. The first test verifies that the code generated by the framework is syntactically correct and type correct. It can be run with:

```
make expressionTests
```

The second test verifies that the DSL accepts a vast range of randomly generated, yet legal inputs. It can be run with:

```
make dslTests
```

The third test verifies that the output of the DSL code generator works as expected. Thus, it mus be both syntactically correct and semantically correct. It can be run with:

```
make executionTests
```

## System under test
Two versions of the system under test can be found in this repository. The file `test/iot-compiler.jar` is a mostly bug-free version of the DSL. The file `test/iot-compiler-bugs.jar` is the original version of the DSL with all the bugs described in the accompanying project report.

All test will, by default, use the file `test/iot-compiler.jar`.
